1. I am attempting to use internal css because it would apply to the whole page of CSS rather than only applying to one line at a time. I do plan to use inline css too because it would allow me to do specific things to certain lines at a time. By using both of these together, it will allow me to make my site look good, and make certain things look more important than others. It will also allow me to expand on using these types of css because this has been a short unit, I have not got to expand on using css as much as other things. Through this, it will allow me to expand my knowledge, and expand my skills. 

2. I had created a tab for HTML, CSS, and what exactly these codes can do compared to each other. It was a very basic idea for tabs, but it allowed me to present my ideas about each one individually better. The comparison tab had allowed me to show what they could do with each other or just individually. I feel like it made my site a lot neater. 

3. I had tried to follow it to the best of my ability. While I was following my wire frame, some of the ideas couldn't be fully fleshed out yet because it requires a little more knowledge. At a later date, I will attempt to change my site more, so it can be more like my frame. Once I finish my website, it should be able to present the information in a neat manner with visuals to go along with it. I could also end up adjusting my wire frame to allow for new ideas to come to life. 

4. I had made changes to how I presented information because the way I did it was sort of sloppy. Originally, most of my information was worded where it was difficult to understand, so I had to change the way I typed it all out. I also had to make sure the visuals I used made sense to where I put them because I had attempted to put a picture in the middle of a sentence, but it had made the site look extremely sloppy. The visuals I did use had to be formatted correctly to be seen correctly because I had either made them too small or too big. I ended up changed all my pixel measurements to relative measurements to try to make a responsive design. 
